Add note on json version in installations section (#8221)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/getting_started/installation.rst

    # Configure npm to not use SSL
    npm set strict-ssl False

Problems with Extensions and Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Jupyterlab changes its internal state with `PUT` requests with JSON5 compatible payload. `JSON5 <https://json5.org/>`__ is not necessarily compatible on all existing systems. If by enabling extensions or changing settings on Jupyterlab's UI causes 400 return codes, it is likely that the `PUT` request's body was parsed unsuccessfully by a routing layer that does not accept JSON5 payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jupyterlab saves settings via `PUT` requests to the server with a JSON5-compatible payload, even though it claims the PUT request is valid JSON. `JSON5 <https://json5.org/>`__ is a superset of JSON that allows comments, etc. There may be deployment problems, manifest as 400 error return codes when saving settings, if these `PUT` requests are rejected by a routing layer that tries to validate the payload as JSON instead of JSON5.
```

Common symptoms of this during debugging are:

> - The settings are selected but nothing changes, or when extension manager is 

Reviewer: > when extension manager is

It sounds like the sentence doesn't end?

> - Jupyterlab's logs don't have the 400 return codes when `PUT` requests are issued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JupyterLab's logs don't have the 400 return codes when `PUT` requests are issued.
```

> - If your Jupyterlab logs are on elastic search, you'll see `Unexpected token / in JSON at position`, signalling that the comments are invalid JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your JupyterLab logs are on Elastic Search, you'll see `Unexpected token / in JSON at position`. This comes from the JSON5 comments not being valid JSON.
```
